# Vulgar Language Detection
*TL;DR Sora doesn't check if the output audio in its videos contain vulgar language. This repo fixes that.*

I've had access to Sora for two days, and have used the app for under 4 hours.
In that time, I found that I could create outputs such as
    * A man shouting at his wife by calling her the c-word and her crying in response.
    * Men with lighter skin calling men with darker skin working in a field the n-word.

At its core, the issue appears to be that OpenAI/Sora does not check whether the pronunciation of names leads to vulgar terms in its output videos.

This repository uses OpenAI's Whisper model to automatically detect vulgar speech in videos generated by Sora (that pass through the current guardrails).

It has been tested on multiple highly vulgar videos containing the n-word and c-word (not included in the repository) and successfully detects the vulgar speech in all of them.

## How to run
1. Download your Sora video (ideally mp4 format) and place it in the `videos` folder
2. Install the packages in `requirements.txt`
3. Install [ffmpeg](https://www.ffmpeg.org/) for CLI usage
4. In `main.py`, set `full_filename` to be the name of your file (e.g. `my_video.mp4`)
5. Run `main.py`

When run, the output should display a transcript of what could be heard in the video, and a verdict as to whether the video contained vulgar terms or not.

Phrases can be added to the `vulgar_phrases.txt` list. From preliminary testing, phrases near the top of the list are more likely to be detected.

## About Me

I'm a Ph.D. candidate at the University of Minnesota (UMN) who is interested in AI alignment. I hold a B.A. in computer science and philosophy from Harvard University and an M.S. from UMN in computer science.

My current research focuses on improving AI systems' ability to work in scenarios where people disagree about what it means for the AI to work correctly. The core of my work centers on issues like hate speech detection, where some people may consider some phrases to be hate speech, while others may not.

**I'm #OpenToWork for exceptional opportunities that involve working on:**
* **Large-scale AI systems that impact broad populations**
* **AI systems built to improve healthcare**
* **Building significant infrastructure for AI alignment**

**If you're working in any of these areas, I'd love to hear from you!**
(I am very passionate about my Ph.D. and plan to graduate in Spring 2027, but I would be willing to step away from my current Ph.D. work to focus on particular high-impact opportunities.)

You can find out more about me [here](https://london-lowmanstone.github.io/).